I am just curious because is there just gonna be a future where we just never see Adam?
How's it going? Good, I think. You think? I think? I think good. You can't tell. How do you feel?
I don't know. Just something about you started this. You said you throw it on Twitch and it occurred to me like
how long it's been since I've even been on Twitch and
And it's it's almost like I
Don't know. Did I just have a little stint as a content creator and then I decided that wasn't for me
Is that what happened? I can't decide
I've been wondering that too
It's about me or you know about you
He's just been slowly retreating. You're not around as much. I'm really not and you're just a fading memory and all reminds
The way you put it then just it stings a little I got yeah
I got on Twitter yesterday
For like 15 minutes and I said like a fury of messages and replies and whatever. Yeah, I don't know
I don't know if I'm coming back. I don't know. Maybe this was just a gradual. It was a what's the is a soft landing
No, what's the phrase? I'm looking for there was a phrase in pop culture and I can't think of what it is soft landing
Oh, like 15 minutes of fame. No, I wasn't going there
No, like instead of like an abrupt I'm leaving. I'm not coming back to the internet
It's been kind of a slow fade
Slow burn away. I don't like that. I don't like that you're doing that if that's what you're doing
But that's what you end up doing
And then what are you gonna do you're just gonna be using me alone? Well, no, I mean I have my family. You are any friends
This is getting okay
I was thinking about it yesterday actually like what what did I want out of doing any of that like anything?
I did
Publicly what was I what did I really want out of it? And I can't think of a single thing
like that I actually won out of it in life like I
Think meeting all of you people. I consider friends now. That was probably the only thing I really
That will stick that that I actually like lasts and I care about yeah, I'm excited to go to twitchcon meet with
All of these friends I've made on twitch
But I don't know how much I care about doing any of the things that you do
as a content creator
I don't like the phrase content creator. I don't like saying it. I don't like it coming out of my lips
Well, I don't think of myself as a content creator. I don't either. You're not your developer
But you talk about things you don't have to be a content creator. It's funny though because I get I
Understand there's like it's unclear. I think people are
Confused by exactly what the parameters of what I do are because I get messages all the time now from people asking me to do like
Content creator type things and it's kind of weird because I'm like I
Actually don't do that kind of thing
Because it would be weird if I just started though like because it's always people that are like hey you want to like
We're working on this product
Like would you like to like talk about it or like it would just be so random for me to just to start talking about some
Project reviewing it. That's actually not anywhere close to anything. I do
Like I'm just out there trying to sell my own product like I don't I don't have time to also sell your product, you know
Yeah, that would be weird if you did that by the way, it would it would feel weird
I'm muted on Twitch by the way
Guest no audio is it possible that they're all trolling us. No, they're not because I don't I don't see your bars moving
I'm still talking. This is me talking idiot Linux. There we go. No, just clicking the wrong thing
Input on my bike thinking that would I'm dumb. Okay, there we go. There we go. We agree. I'm just kidding
You're not done. Okay cutting the podcast is gonna have a time. Thankfully. We don't rely on our own competence to do
The podcast recordings. That's just all Riverside. I'm sure our podcasts are great because Chris is great
Yeah, we are you do you think you'll ever find do you think we're just like a phase? I don't know
I have this thing where I go through faces. I don't know if you know this about me
You're defining characteristic
Yeah, what did I do with that like what what good is that in the world to be like?
Really good at having really intense phases and then never visiting it again all of life is just one big phase
So, you know, it's not any different. I don't understand you live and you die and then you can say what good was it all?
But you know well, it is very different like someone who's like I'm gonna be a lawyer for 35 years and then retire
And I'm like I'm gonna be this for two months really hard
And then I'm not gonna do it anymore. What do I do with that?
I mean I have stuck with software development like I've done that for 15 years now. So I do have some staying power
I guess when it comes to like things that pay the bills
But when it comes to hobbies, yeah, but I mean the hobbies are gonna rotate I feel like I think even for me even for me
like I haven't really been on twitch as much
But I am just curious because is there just gonna be a future where we just never see Adam?
That's what I wonder. I wonder if I will completely fade out of public
Spirit 100% and I'm less interested in that from like an external point of view
I'm more interested in that if you're gonna like what are you gonna be doing with all your time?
I said you have no friends. Hi, listen. We'll still do the podcast. So I mean
Ken guy who is on a podcast twice a week really say he's faded out of the public
Depends how well the podcast is doing. Yeah. Yeah, it does feel though
It feels like the more I drift away from Twitter and I haven't streamed for months and I have no intentions
I've ever created another YouTube video. It does feel like
There's a world where I'm really not on the internet much and I don't know that I feel that bad about it
I just I just don't know what I'm giving up. I think like
friends
but like I can still be friendly and hang out on discord and talk with people and go to events occasionally
To hang out like there's still like plenty of opportunities for touch points with people I actually want to interact with
Yeah, yeah
So I just don't know what I'm missing like if you did what I'm doing if you just fade it out of all these social media places
Would you feel like you're missing a certain something and what is that something?
Yeah, cuz I think for me. It's all roped up into
What I'm trying to do career wise like I'm trying to have
Certain impact to be able to pull certain levers like and I've just been building that up over time. So for me all that stuff is
Highly connected. I definitely have
It's just again one of those things where when you first start doing something it has to be like the thing you think about all the time
Then you get better at it and it's like less of like the primary thing you're doing. So I think I've definitely shifted out of
Okay, like, you know establishing a presence online is like my primary focus. Like that's like no longer something
I have to think about it's a little bit automatic. Yeah, but it's not gonna ever go to
Zero or I can't imagine it because it's it's so tight in like I can't
Do any of what I want to do if I'm invisible, you know, yeah, no, that makes sense
So my I guess my work is pretty detached
from
Anything I do publicly the public stuff was always just sort of like a bolt on us. Yeah, it was optional. Yeah
Yeah, I see how it works for you. Like you've kind of got this whole thing going. That's just it's a nice flywheel
Yeah, I don't have that. Yeah, I
do miss just seeing like
Names and twitch chat. I do miss the hanging out
Just the aspects of but I mean like I it was it was never sustainable in the sense that I wasn't really working
I was streaming I don't know if I'm capable. I'm finally
After years of denying it
Really eating into my amount of productive hours and it like likewise. Yeah, but maybe yeah, maybe there's a slower
But I'm just not good at like
slower burn. I'm not good at like I'll just do it once a week
I'm just not good at like dipping my toes and things. No, it makes sense
It's hard like I said as soon as I lost the habit. I just went to zero
It didn't cut to like 20% so yeah, I think it's on this stuff that it is so let's let's change gears
Yeah, and let's talk about the one thing we have to talk about
Because bun 1.0 came out last week and that's oh, right, right, right? That's been everywhere. It's everywhere
Well, I mean have you I mean you not being on Twitter as much as it I did
Showing up. I mean I've been on Twitter like twice in the last week and it has shown up in my face quite a lot
And I read the blog post. I'm gonna read the release
Just all the details around the release and impressive. I'm gonna let you start though
Yeah, I like infinite thoughts on this. I can probably talk about this for a while. Yeah, so bun 1.0 came out
I guess to me. I didn't really see initially going into I knew it was gonna come out. I didn't know I
Like was kind of like this isn't feel major to me because I've been
Trying to use it like pretty much once a week
I would like check in and see how it works. You like what part like what part of SST would it fail on?
Yeah, and I really got checked out and we'll get a little bit further
Another hit 1.0. Just like, you know, it must be the same thing
But when I watched their video that they put together for their
official
Release announcement it was actually
Pretty exciting
Because I think I kind of got desensitized to some of what they were doing because it's been following it for so long
But then putting it together and laying out like here's every single thing we're trying to do
Here's how much progress we made on it. Here's all the little nice things that we fixed
It was cool to see it all together and I see and even I got a little bit more hyped and I see why
the reaction from the community was insane like people are going crazy everyone's like super excited and happy and
Kind of all I saw people tweeting about
So overwhelmingly positive like very few things are received this well, of course, there's the random haters that are
Always there, but really very very few of them. I think everyone just sounds super excited. Yeah, it's like a I didn't realize
they were
Taking on all these I didn't realize it'd be getting rid of my package manager and it'd be getting rid of my
Bundler potentially it kind of makes the turbo pack and the like weirder extent Rome
Just look like like what were they what were they doing?
Why are they still doing stuff if if this was happening and it happened so quickly. Yeah, I mean I say so quickly
I don't know how long they've been working on it, but
It was just Jared for a year at least I think I was following him for like a year when you first started talking about it
And then he raised money and that was another year. So it's probably like a little over two years
I would guess yeah, obviously very impressive
Yeah, so I saw that and I saw what we're talking about and I've and I got more hype than I was
And then I went to go. Okay. I'm like right now that it's out people keep people have been prodding me to do this
But obviously a lot more people started to ask hey can we deploy?
bun functions bun fungz
Whatever you want to call them
Through assets really bun funs is that and I've been saying is because it's fun. Okay. That's fun. Yeah bun fun
Everyone's upset a bun for not using bun time as the runtime thing
My argument was if they called it bun time, I think they would delay enterprise adoption by like three
Exactly
extracurricular activity
Even just a logo I feel like something back at least two years. Oh, yeah, it is really cute though
And did I see they made cookies? Oh the crew looked really good. They did look really good. Yeah, they're the whole event there
I'm cutting right now like I'm trying to lose another five pounds in a week. I've lost five pounds a week for like three weeks
Yeah, I want to eat everything and everyone keeps posting all these pictures on Twitter of like delicious looking stuff
Sorry, continue. Yeah, even if that like random cookie that got is getting me excited. I'm sure
Yeah, it sounds like you've been on your diet for a little bit. Yeah, it's been a bit I started to implement
So, okay, let me just try the AWS Lambda custom runtime get button in there. I talked to
I think this may Maxine. He's the one that has a really cool site that does like the daily benchmark runtime
Yeah, he's gonna get bun added in there. I think I've got this exact hype cycle of bun before too
Like I realized like like when I talk about this
I don't want to sound negative on the project like I'm very excited and optimistic for it
but I just need to like lay out some the realities there's a lot in the way and
The end result might not actually be as exciting as we want. There's like so many different factors to this
So we can't really use it on AWS Lambda because we put it on the custom runtime. It's like a 500 millisecond cold start
It's not really viable, but but I saw like where Jared quote tweeted your your tweet and
Beznick was his name one of the serverless das responded
That they'll take it to the product team. Do you think there's like why couldn't AWS say that every single time with everything?
So do you think like there's there's real?
It's a long shot that they would actually add bun is a supported runtime. Yeah, first party
I think it's a long shot
But if I was someone at AWS and I was in charge
I would be like we need to figure out how to be the first to ship native support for this and like really compete with
Cloudflight workers because that's like been like the thing that's in the background being like
Are they gonna supplain AWS one day?
Yeah, and I can see them really doubling down on bun maybe even like acquiring it and like just being
Interest the best place to run again. You don't have to change your applications. That's a main issue with Cloudflare workers
Amazing platform, but it's like completely next generation. You have to build all new stuff for it
This would be just node compatible everything. Yeah, exactly if like a large percentage of node applications could just invisibly get upgraded
That's like I can't think of any other company in the world better position
I was to like really take advantage of the work being done here. Yeah, I don't I'm skeptical
They will put this stuff together. I feel like they don't really bet in this direction
I think they like more react to we have customer demand and to reach it through certain threshold and then we'll do something
They're doing all their other betting on the AI space right now. I think right. Yeah, probably and that's not even a bet, right?
That's just like already that's kind of reacting to you. Yeah, it's like I wouldn't say so
But yeah, yeah, so I just don't feel like this is the type of thing that they really do
and additionally
I said this a few times on Twitter whenever AWS adds like an adapter pattern somewhere where they're like you can
Customize it or you can like write your own plug-in. These never ship another native feature ever again
Oh, has there not been another a new runtime since they allowed custom interesting
So they launched custom runtimes and they lost the launch docker container
Function support and they've just never done anything native since then do you have any kind of maybe this is a stupid exercise
But do you have any ability to kind of like guess
What the benchmarks what the cold start performance would look like with bun?
Yeah, a lot of the work bun put into was to improve the cold start time so they're like putting the work there
I think again, it's really hard to say because I haven't tried with the application, but I
It's it's it's just kind of hard to say because yeah, there's already a floor from like the firecracker startup
So I'm only talking about what happens after then. Yeah, I think if you look at node 18
It's around like 180 milliseconds. I wouldn't be surprised if bun got to like some 50
I don't think it's gonna get to sub 10 like go or rust or rust. Yeah, okay. So it's not getting to that level
But it would be like quite a bit faster than that potentially. Yeah, exactly
Um, so again, that is kind of good, but is it like
Enough to make it all worth it? Maybe not? Yeah, uh, so then you have runtime performance
And obviously they have like really insane benchmarks like crazy crazy crazy benchmarks
Which are all accurate and really argue with it. I think they're like fair benchmarks
but
again, the reality is
Uh, the biggest bottleneck that most people have is they just wrote bad code and bun can only do so much for that
Uh, and a great example of this is someone from the cdk team got cdk working under bun
Uh, it's not like a five x improvement. It's not a three x improvement. It's not a two x improvement
It's like a one point three x improvement or something. What are you implying about cdk?
I'm just saying bun even bun can only do so much right? So there's just a reality of like
Okay, uh for a real world
library application like cdk, okay
Is that worth kind of the upheaval?
Maybe not
Uh, then you have
The serverless functions world where all of my functions pretty much do a tiny bit of logic and then schedule io work
Whether that's io to the database or to whatever. Yeah, right
So
Even there like it's not going to give me a crazy amount of benefit
Uh, for like single functions execution time
They put in a lot of work to make like if you're running bun in a container and it's like directly handling
HE requests
They put a lot of work for that to be able to handle like a large amount of concurrent requests like way more than the competitors
Like note and yeah out in dno, but again, that doesn't matter for that doesn't really
Yeah, that doesn't apply to your usage of yeah, and anyone doing sort of stuff like is that
routing concurrency part is already handled by
Something outside of your runtime in a native language. So yeah, just not that exciting from a serverless functions point of view
I don't think it's going to move the needle there. Yeah, what about from a
Uh, like developer workflow
standpoint like your local machine
Your your dev feedback loop. Yeah, so in terms of being a better package manager. Uh, I think that is definitely there
It's like pretty crazy how
Fast it is a copying files like it's like you I thought I was skeptical that it would be much faster than pmpm
Because the pmpm avoids copying files. Yeah, but somehow it's faster than something that's avoiding copying files
So I think that is cool
Is that really enough like using bun as just your package manager? Yeah, maybe I think I could see myself doing that one day
I'm actually trying to do that now just to force
Myself to get yeah sst working better in bun because if i'm using it myself, I'll be in some device too, but
That's cool. Uh, bundling
Yes, build is already so fast. Yeah, where does the bundling fit in like
because I mean everybody just uses one of these big meta frameworks like
React or I'm sorry next JS or yeah astro or whatever
Remix somebody's using some meta framework that they chose to build their application
Like do they have the option of using bun as a bundler instead of whatever that framework uses as a bundler like is that how it works?
Yeah, so buns
The bundler portion of bun they actually kept
Uh, they actually mirrored. Yes, build. Yes, build it has built in a lot of ways
So one they kept plug in API and stuff plug in API. They have a very similar API in general
So I'm like very familiar with es build because we do a lot of that stuff for sst
Uh switching that over to bun would be very easy for us to do also
They mirrored the implementation if you look at the
uh, the parser
or
like the types of parser and the compiler i'm pretty sure it's like almost like a port of
What yes, build is doing if I remember correctly. Uh, so it's very similar to es build
Which makes it good because you get predictable behavior in both
But yes, build is already so fast. It's like a pretty crazy fast and
Uh, I have the same issue with turbo pack. I'm like, why is next day as like rebuilding the whole world
When
It's like basically going to be the same speed as he is build like so i'm kind of questioning that
So many of the frameworks are already built on top of vt plus e as build replatforming those
I just don't know if it's gonna be worth it. I'm sure people will do it like someone will be really motivated to go and do it
Is it gonna stick? I don't know
Uh, vt themselves might switch it under the hood then kind of everyone kind of transparently switches, but yeah
Yeah, it's just like I don't know if it's a big move. I guess. Yeah, I don't know if that's enough of a game chain
It's just like there's such
Burden that comes with switching something like that like the new bugs
It not I think as many maintainers or eyeballs as he has build so yeah
Yeah, so what is still slow like I feel like type checking type checking there was the effort to like make
type checking faster
Uh
Danny poor Danny Donnie. I don't know if he's still working on Donnie's not even a deep depression now
Yeah
So they're not taking that on they did do something
Translation, what are they what did bun do related to type script?
Like you don't need ts note anymore. You can just run type script files, but they don't do type checking
Yeah, it's kind of similar to dino and that the transpiler is built into the runtime. So
It's just doing the transpiling on the fly and it's so fast that there's not that much of an advantage to pre
Conspiling it. Yeah, again nice like little dx win, but it's it is so weird because it's so obviously better
But then now if you start to like drill it down in all these different ways
It's kind of like it's hard to fit it in. Yeah, like what's it really?
Yeah, the path forward
Yeah, and you talked on twitter about the like there is no business model for a runtime
Yet there hasn't been one created so they'll have to figure that part out. Yeah, that's the whole question on like where like
If there is demand
Somewhere then like how do you build now a business model on top of the man?
Yeah, it's it's a it's a lot to figure out, but the thing I was saying because I wrote a few like posts that were kind of
I would say on different sides like I will one I wrote about difficulty of a business model
But two I also wrote about why even though it's just so hard
You kind of have to attempt something like this and a vc has to fund something like this because on the off chance it's successful
it's like
an alias size opportunity like it like if it is
Most likely it's probably not going to work out, but if it does it's going to overwhelmingly dominate
Everything like not just a jobs with ecosystem. We're probably pull people in from other ecosystem. It's probably an opportunity to build like
one of the biggest
Like just dev companies that's ever existed. So
The opportunity is there, but yeah, so so for oven for for the company behind bun
You think it's still it's a it's a long shot you would say yeah, and I'm sure they would be the first to agree
Yes, most startups are yeah, right. Yeah, but it's like on the scale of like this is going to be a hundred billion dollar company if it succeeds
I mean, they're just so like Jared that they're so good at executing. I feel like
What is their pivot out of this if it just doesn't work if a runtime just can't be a
Successful startup unicorn probably like a like a modest acquisition probably okay. They're just so good at shipping stuff
I mean clearly they've worked. Yeah, very fast very effectively. Yeah, exactly and it sucks because like you said
It's like stuff. We all want like oh you're making JavaScript way better all all the fronts. It's great
I'm excited, but to your point like in the real world. It has to like find it's
It's path into everyone's life
And that's a challenge and I think that's why they focus on the package management stuff because that's like a very
Easy way to at least get a foot in the door again. I don't know where it goes from there
But if that becomes a de facto package manager because it's just so fast. That's pretty good pretty good start
Yeah, the problem for me with the package measure front is like I feel like as a community
We all just collectively decided like oh pm pm. So nice. This is great
We just made this transition. It's like timing is crazy the people that make pm pm
We all love them. They're like
I don't know. It just feels like oh now we're switching off pm. Well now that one hurts a little bit like
Yeah, and there's just like a whole set of things that comes with this one of the reasons I like pm pm is they stop
The default behavior is not to hoist and I feel like there are like
an insane long tail of
Frustrating pain and bugs that come from hoisting and I was so glad we got away from that. We're back
We like stop. The reason is a weird hack where like lifting packages are technically so works
But bun, you know is hoisting based. So that's kind of what's preventing me from switching to it as a package manager
I'm just like it just introduces so much
Pain like time I got away from it does seem like the bun philosophy. Maybe it's the Jared philosophy is such that like
Just like make anything that they could see work
Like take as much burden off the user like everyone's dumb dums
And they I feel like he's done a lot of work create a lot of features to like make stuff work that maybe shouldn't work
Yeah, exactly. It's just like surprising. Oh, that actually works
Uh, like you don't have to do all this explicit configuration and stuff will just work
That seems like a kind of philosophy, but that does sort of like
To your point. It's different. I mean like the pm pm going more strict was nice
It sucks when your stuff doesn't work, but it's like pointing it out ahead of time
Yeah, and it's funny because the
The block so as a bun 1.0. I ran it against sst and we the first I we ran into
It's actually a weird case of us doing something correct
Bun compensating for people doing it incorrect and then breaking our correct approach
So there's always like stuff like that that comes up. So now we have to add we have to add like some
really weird
Code to again. The root issue is babble babble doesn't ship esm. We import it correctly
But bun doesn't like it when we import it correctly. So we have to import it
Incorrectly just in case it's being run and bun and then import it correctly if that fails
Yeah, like technically it's better for the end user that's doing all kinds of weird stuff like mixing cjs and esm
But then for people like us and do esm correctly
We now have the burden so
Uh, yeah, it's just really hard to get that stuff right where like and we actually with sst
I think
We have to run this balance as well like and I think different people on our team have different approaches
like frank is more on the extreme of
We will find a way to fix it for the user like we'll do something weird and fix it for the user
and i'm on the other extreme of like
Really being conservative about doing stuff like that. So we end up somewhere nicely in the middle. I think but
Uh, yeah, it's like that that balance is it's hard to strike. Yeah, so what about this? Maybe
Uh, maybe this world you've talked about where javascript needs to restart like
Clean break just burn it all down start over. Maybe bun could be the thing we all just start over with
Could we could you create your little package certification thing?
and
That coupled with bun coupled with your the new javascript dictator. I don't know what jared is just too busy to be a dictator
Can we do it? Can we just build up from the ashes?
Burn the whole thing down just so there's just so much because I feel here's what I feel like I feel like
We are close to making
JavaScript on the back end decent
They're just like they were just like a few missing pieces and I feel like those are coming together like we're close
and now that bun exists it kind of
Resets that in some ways because if we do want to re platform and but do everything on bun
So much doesn't work again, right?
Yeah, yeah
You're back to missing things and from parties that you can't rely on exactly like I can't
Support bun. So that just is like a non-starter at that point. I mean you can ask. Oh, I that's a AWS wishlist
Yeah
Did you see what I posted when jerry quote tweeted it? I was like no
I was like I'm willing to stop talking shit for one year if AWS supports
If that's what they got to take that deal. Oh, they got to take it
Yeah, that's a good deal. I'm sure that has a good financial value in terms of like the amount of stress that comes off of the people
They'd have to acknowledge it though. Yeah, that's an issue
They have to acknowledge it
What about formatting? Who's gonna make formatting fast? Did Rome figure that one out?
I was thinking about this this morning. I was like
You know, everyone always complains about fragmentation in the JavaScript world and like how we can't stick to a tool
But you know what prettier freaking did it prettier gotten there and everybody used it's true. Everybody uses prettier
We all see that thing prettier does where we have a long template string
And we have like a little variable in a template. Yeah, we're gonna breaks it into three lines and it sucks
But we all just do it use it anyway. No one's out there complaining. It's true
And they yeah, they just got in there and they're the default and it's it's slow
It's always annoying to get in agree with the other but
Hey, we found at least one thing we've all centered us done and we can do it
Do you think there would have been more outrage if a major open source project got rid of prettier than type script?
Actually, no, because something that a lot of people contribute to no that does seem
Yeah, that does seem a lot of ways even more trivial to like care about that
Yeah, I don't know that's DHH is next move. He's gonna rip prettier out of the turbo
Even if they're using it right now. Oh, maybe not. Yeah, the only thing Rome ever shipped was their formatter
Yeah, so can we take that formatter? Was it good? Can we is it fast? Is it written in rust?
I don't know blazingly fast. Okay. Can we just rip that out? There's a few right? There's a few that I've seen
There's at least two or three well turbo pack. They're doing an aren't they aren't they also doing the formatting stuff?
I don't know. I thought they were doing a native formatter. It's like there's like four different groups working on like there's gonna be one tool
Yeah for all of your javascript development needs and like at the end of it we're gonna have four different
One tool and none of them are gonna ship except for bun. I'm pretty I'm very convinced bun has proven that it can be shipped in a finite
Like number of years amount of time now the pressure's on. Yeah, do they just does herself stick with turbo pack?
I don't know. Maybe that's very stupid and presumptuous. Oh, I have a lot of thoughts on turbo pack as well. Oh, please talk about it
Yeah, uh, so I posted the other day being like why
someone ran into some
Weird issue. I forgot what it was, but I was talking about how it's really unfortunate that
all of these other frameworks have
Consolidated on VIT which is made VIT very very good because not only had this set of support
Nuxed it also has supports felt and also support yep solid start and also so there's like this crazy diversity that just hardening it and making it super
Just would work for everything with like really solid APIs
And there's a world where nxjs
Uh restarted and just built on top of VIT
It's not realistic because you can't do that while being backwards compatible and that's like a big deal for them
So we'll have to be in framework effectively and while employing the webpack creator. Yeah. Wait, does he work there? Yeah, or one of the
I was disputed. I feel like oh really people referred him as a webpack creator, but someone else claims other webpack
I don't know maybe okay. Yeah, so their only path was to okay. We're stuck with webpack and webpack api
How do we make this better?
So I think they went in this weird route where they try to smash together way too many ideas
Hmm like if we need a successor to turbo to webpack
Let's build something called turbo pack was right in rust
Oh, but we also have this turbo repo thing, which is also a very good tool. Let's like
Kill it for no reason and then rewrite it in rust
So not only are we like rebuilding the entire everything like
The 10 years of webpack. Not only are we rewriting that. We're also like trying to rewrite
Turbo turbo repo and integrate it
It's like a lot to take on and turbo repo is already working and I was already written and go and it's already fast
It's beyond that. Isn't it the scope of turbo pack
Doesn't it their vision is just like one thing that does all of the different. Isn't that everything that I just mentioned
Well, there's other stuff, right? I mean all you mentioned was you got rid of turbo repo and webpack, but it also gets rid of
I don't know babble
Translation, right? Oh, well, yeah, that's because they're using slv's formatting
So they've already done right right there. They've already done that work
Yeah, but then formatting I thought formatting and limting and like all this different stuff
I mean
I don't throw anything in there at this point because it's it's just so early. It's the Rome vision. Yeah, it's the
Rome
Turbo pack. Well, how do I find the website for turbo pack? Well, I was talking to some people that about this and people were saying that
uh, they've seen lee robs is like that of uh dev rel for
Where so uh his tone around turbo pack has shifted where instead of referring to like
When turbo pack comes out it's being shifted more to like if turbo pack becomes oh
Interesting though. I don't I don't I'm like it's just a weird crazy ambitious thing
I feel like it might have been started during zero interest rate era and now it's kind of like
Do you really want to do this straddling? That's it's projects that straddle that line. Yeah, interesting
Yeah, they're like kind of trapped. It's it's kind of funny to see that
And now there's this new thing called RS pack, which is just
another effort to rewrite in right back in rust wow like less less crazy. They're trying to like maintain the same
API and then just make up internals faster, which I think it's like a reasonable iteration
I think that's like probably maybe what verse i should have tried to do
So now there's that
I'm sure next was looking at that being like, well, they we can just let them do it and get all the benefit
So
Yeah, I don't know if that's gonna go anywhere. Hmm. I'm so curious. I'm so curious how it all plays out
Uh, yeah, that's just broadly. I mean you're hitting on something i'm very curious about which is the
impact of zero interest rates over a decade
Still waiting for that shooter drop. I keep saying that like it's some ominous prediction
I don't know. I just feel like
It's gonna take years, isn't it? It's gonna be slow kind of like my exit from the internet
I don't I don't know. I don't know. I don't think it's gonna be dramatic
I'm just convinced. I've been thinking more about how
Uh, there's a class of founders right now
And i'm really excited for this class to graduate because I feel like it's gonna be some of the best
founders that have been around for a long time because
If you have succeed if you have succeeded in the next five years you did it during a relatively hard time compared to the previous five years
I got to be honest the founders that came out of the previous five years all sucked
Like I just feel like no one is impressive or like people that are like like at the level of like people like
Yeah, as well as for gates or deep jobs like none of that really happened in the last five or even like 10 years
But I think there's like an opportunity for that to happen again
Just giving giving a little pressure and difficulty there. Yeah, what's what's the the cycle the phrase?
Uh, it's like tough times. Yeah. Yeah, that whole thing. Yeah, yeah, exactly
So our listeners have no idea what it is, but we know
I don't think any single person could not know this. This is like such this code. It's so much
I only learned it in like the last year. So apparently I've been living in the Ozark
Oh, I have been
Fun
Vte turbo. Oh, Vte also has an interesting future ahead of itself as well
I think they're like positioned insanely well and they want to see some very interesting things come out
From them. What's the Vte? Yeah, what's the B before I go into this? I have a question
But there was something I wanted to tie a bow on you know what I forgot. So it doesn't matter
There's one of the oh, yeah, I was just gonna say on the downturns thing
I guess when I think about historically
downturns are very short like
The dot com one of two years. Yeah bubble like bursting was like
It burst it's fast
Furious and then it was over. So yeah, I guess it's unrealistic to think that we're in some like long-term
bad
I don't know to press things are just so different too. Like if you look at some of the stocks from the dot com or even 2008
It took those a very very long time to get back to the price they were at like decade
Maybe in some places. I was looking at my portfolio and I was like
Yeah, everything crashed and I was like, oh, so sad and sucked
But then it just got back to where it was in two years. I can't imagine waiting like 10 years
Yeah to get back to where I was 10 years before that. It's it's really crazy
Yeah, just the timing like if you're like someone traditional retirement age like all that
Math that would have sucked. Yeah, uh, okay. So the question I want to ask you was what's the v business model?
Well, I mean, I know how evan makes money like evan has some information that I can't share publicly. Oh, okay. Well, that's fine
I guess we'll say there's gonna. Let's just say there's gonna be stuff
Veets futures gonna be interesting. Oh, oh
And we're probably trying to sing in the next like you'll have
Six months or so you'll have to tune in to the next episode
But they are positioned insanely well because these smartest people in this space build on top of Veet
You have ryan carneado. You have rich harris
All the people that work on nux
And then like the nitro thing that came out of nux like solid start is gonna be it's built on top of that
so
Astro is built on top of Veet
it's like you have this one island of
Webpack plus versale and all the people that versale was able to fund
Yeah, then you have like the whole decentralized version of it
Which is like all the people doing stuff
You know, these decentralized way, but like kind of collaborating. Yeah, it's yeah. I like cannot
It's the empire in the rebellion. I mean, you just if you've ever watched star wars
There's never been a better like the fiction of the two sides
Uh, good and evil in star wars in the dev community that just feels like this band of like ragtag rebels
taken on
The empire, right? Yeah. It's so fit. It fits so well
Them just wearing black and every phone
I know everything's black and white like it's
There is a death star somewhere in versale headquarters. I promise
You know, sometimes I see pictures from their team where like it seems like they're hanging out
It's like an event or out of work or like they're like traveling for common and they're all wearing black and i'm just like
What would happen if I worked at versale and I showed up to one of those wearing like
Like a pink shirt. Would I get in trouble? Yeah, or one of your really cool like one of your cool outfits
Yeah, exactly. I was really wearing my own noisy ones. Yeah
Like what would what would like someone pull me aside and talk to me
They probably there's surely a dress code that doesn't just happen by accident, right?
I wonder if it's entirely social pressure. I might entirely be social pressure driven
Just button spoken someone like me like the hats of reverse if i thought i was one of the annoying so
Someone like that has to work at versale. It must be someone annoying that works at versale
That refuses to wear black. I mean they've hired some pretty big names
So I would think somebody's their own person and they're like whatever. I don't do the whole evil empire thing
Yeah, well, and then it's funny because uh rich hair is a works ever so and he's technically on the other one
So he's like oh
Who's it who's he that he's like the spy or like the uh the guy that changed his sides
Is he door the Vader because Darth Vader turns out to be good at the end, you know?
Oh interest. I don't I don't think it's the emperor down that
The oh, okay. I forget there is a more dark character than Darth Vader
Okay, then it's sorry i'm working out in my head who's who the rich hair is gonna pick up germel and throw him down
Oh my god. You said it. You said it out loud. I mean obviously I guess germel if i'm saying that
They're the empire then there's a figurehead interesting now. I really want to map this out
You know what if our listeners care enough and are nerdy enough to map out
Who is who in this star wars universe? Yes, someone do it. Please someone do it
That would be amazing. Yeah, someone would do this someone will make a little image a meme
It can be low effort. Just make something who's the one that profits off both sides. That's I think that's me
Uh wait in star wars is there someone that like is it like job of the hut
Boba fed or yeah, okay
Orlando maybe just an independent mercenary. You're just making your money off of
All the conflict. Yeah, I'm just I'm just benefiting off the chaos. I'm just trying to optimize for maximizing the chaos. Yeah, I love it
I love it so much
Oh, okay. I have an is Luke Skywalker just saw that in a chat
Well, then then you have to fit you have to fit Jared and bun in there somewhere too because they're like how does bunn fit in
Yeah, how does bun fit in like on a serious note in the like the landscape?
Like you said if v doesn't they're not if they don't abandon yes, build and they don't use bun as a bundler
How does how does bun make its way into that? It's I mean, I think you would have to see
New frameworks that come up that are bun native
Which already is a thing like i'm already seeing some of that. I think at least yeah as one of them
And but those have to become a lot more popular than
the Vte hard framework. So yeah, it's again just a hard
Path that we can't really envision at the end of the day. It always like I think probably like you think which is like it's kind of run somewhere
and
For us like we're running all our stuff on a day bs lambda functions. It's like
At the end of the day if it doesn't run faster there
You can't do anything. Yeah. Yeah, so
That's tough. Yeah, they got to figure out how to and there's just no picture for cloud flare and bun
Is there like cloud flares its own thing?
Yeah, it's cloud flares so tightly integrated that it doesn't make any sense
Like their stuff is already like crazy fast because the level of integration they do with how they deploy things
So if i'm jared and i'm trying to figure out how do we how do we get the integrations with deployment partners cloud vendors or whatever
What is his best path forward? There is a path is building something as big as cloud flare or ws
It's like jeez. Yeah, that's but that's the type of thing as a vc you have to invest in
Yeah, I mean they can execute so like you get a team that's proven like that
I feel like sick i'm on a huge problem, but man that that one scares
Yeah, the thing i pointed out is name one hosting provider that has gotten big in the last 10 years
Like extremely rare. It's very hard to do
Um, so is fly in the last 10 years like they're they're kind of great. They're like so pretty early and
Uh, they're doing everything right. Okay, so you're saying like gotten big like top three scale like the big big players
And if anyone will do it, it's going to be fly and that's another problem fly becomes competitor, right?
It really is like this big opportunity fly can't let that go
Mm to someone else. They need to be the place to host bun
And they've already they're like a blog post like a few weeks ago
Like they're doing the work to be the best place to run run by already. Well. There you go
Again, if you're running containers if you're not in the serverless model a lot of the work that bun did can be realized today
Yeah, uh, it's why fly makes sense, but
Interesting. I don't know. I guess that it's a future of this company is a big question mark and
Exciting there's some exciting stuff on the horizon
Finally something interesting that's our feet
Yeah, so much interesting stuff. Did we already talk about all of it? Are we done? Is that it?
I think so. I'll tell you the secret of eats once we get off. Yeah offline. Yes, that's our fun audience
You don't get sorry everybody. You don't get to know the secret. We're gonna hang up so I can learn the fun stuff
All right, we should break it up here. Okay
All right, see you. Yeah